Edgar's Escapade

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

This is a full demo of my Emagine gaming library.
I sincerely hope that it provides enjoyment, AND a good demonstration
of how to create serious action, arcade, and platform games with
Emagine.

Notable among The Escapade's features are the fact that every time
you play the game you have a new landscape to explore.  This is
crucial if you want to keep a player's interest.  Another way to
achieve such an effect is by having gazillions of levels, but who
wants to waste time on that?  I would rather be programming. That is
why I created Genlev, a library that can create complex levels for
platform games.  This game demostrates the use of my level generation libary.
I only had to create one level, and then let the library create new
random ones.

Another nice part of Escapade is the cool, good-looking palette fades.
For these to work properly, you MUST have Emagine release 2 (release 4
if you count Escreen)  The latest version of Emagine is included with
the game.

The sound effects aren't that great, but they are effective.  If you
don't hear anything, turn up the volume; if you still don't, you must
not have a MPU-401 compatible device attached to you PC.

Escapade is current limited to 205 frames per second.  If this is to
fast, or to slow for your tastes and your computer you can change it.
The code is in procedure main() in a while loop near the end of the
main while.  Sorry, I can't be any more specific.

If you enjoy Escapade then please donwload Emagine.  Emagine has other
interesting and hopefully helpful demos.

Emagine - Use your Euphoric imagination!